AMSE University had conducted a controlled test to see how various conditions affect the
ability of a subject to solve a given problem. The aim of the study was to see if a few
seemingly unrelated conditions could affect the willingness of a person to take up and
solve a challenge.
For a given period a testing room was open to anyone and everyone in the campus to
come in and try their luck. The only condition laid was that the participants would have to
consume a drink every hour while in the room where the puzzles were kept. This drink had
various concentration of 4 Solutions A, B, C and D. Solution A was sugar syrup, solution B,
C and D were red, blue and green food color respectively. The different concentration of
the food color would change the effective color of the drink and the sugar syrup
concentration would change the taste. Participants had no clue about the actual contents
of the drinks they were given. The room also had ambient white noise along with controlled
level of humidity. The concentration of the four solutions along with the decibel rating of the
white noise and the relative humidity has been provided in the file ‘Test_conditions.csv’.
Note that between the given period rooms were kept open 24/7. So a participant could
have had entered a room while conditions for Batch X were active and complete the
puzzle when the conditions for next batch — Batch B was active.
The problem given to the participants were level 2 Sudoku puzzles. Numbers around the
attempts and success are given in the file ‘Sudoku_attemps.csv’

Task:
1. Perform EDA on the given data
1. Look for how various conditions are related to the acceptance and success rate
2. Look for other insights from the data and draw conclusions.
3. Any format is acceptable – Graphs/Charts, heatmaps, tables and even simple
sentences
2. Use any ML technique of your choice and try to predict the possibility of successful
completion of the puzzle given a certain condition.
1. Draw conclusions

Important Notes:
1. Do not share the details of this test anywhere, do not post links, share code on
GitHub etc
2. There is no one correct answer to any problem and if there is, we are not looking
for it. Come up with whatever you feel is necessary.
3. Make assumptions wherever necessary, and state them.